Partial Fix #1260: Document steps to build SN user-facing documentation. (#1862)
scala-native/scala-native: docs/contrib/contributing.rst

5.  After the review, you should resolve issues brought up by the reviewers as
    needed (amending or adding commits to address reviewers' comments),

>     iterating until the reviewers give their thumbs up, the "LONGTIME" (acronym for

Reviewer: Do we use `LGTM` like the original or `LONGTIME`? https://google.github.io/eng-practices/review/reviewer/speed.html

Author: Good catch!  I have no idea where "LONGTIME" came from!  Will fix on my
next activity cycle (late tomorrow, Friday).

At least now I know that somebody is reading this stuff ;-)

Author: Fixed now.  Sorry for the delay. Fell off the bottom of the TODO list.

2.  Be accompanied by appropriate tests.

3.  Be accompanied by appropriate documentation
    :ref:`documentation <project-documentation>`.

4.  Be issued from a branch *other than master* (PRs coming from master will not
    be accepted.)

If not *all* of these requirements are met then the code should **not** be
merged into the distribution, and need not even be reviewed.

.. _project-documentation:

Documentation
-------------

> Pull requests, other than the most trivial, without documentation
> will not be accepted. Imagine yourself as the person merging trying

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
```suggestion
Pull requests without documentation will not be accepted,
unless they are trivial. Imagine yourself as the person merging trying
```

Author: Fixed. Suggested wording is much better.

to understand, use, merge, or maintain the contribution.

> All code containing changes
> potentially visible to end users or developers contributed to user-facing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All code containing changes to user-facing
```
if they are user-facing, they are necessarily visible to end users or developers.

Author: Fixed & less stumbling-on-itself verbose.

> standard libraries (nativelib, clib, javalib, etc.) should come accompanied

Reviewer 2: Changes to the javalib don't require documentation, and typically should *not* have documentation, because there is no better doc for them than the JavaDoc, and we can't copy the JavaDoc text.

Author: I concur about the value of the official JavaDoc.

For the reasons you describe, javalib.rst has no JavaDoc. It does have two major sections:
"Supported classes" and "Regular expressions (java.util.regex)". Suggesting that 
submitted PRs keep those, and other quirks, up to date is likely to lead to greater
user & developer satisfaction and decreased support effort.

That was my intention/goal.  Should I re-phrase, clarify, or do something otherwise?

Author: On re-visiting the code in question to re-base, I believe I have figured out a way to address
this concert.  A footnote now describes how SN javalib doc only describes where it 
varies from the general JDK doc (and gives URLs.)  

The review comment served a good purpose.

Author: Concern addressed, I think, by adding a clarifying footnote that SN javalib.rst describes only
places where the implementation differs from the Java API, giving URLs for both.

This should give contributors the clue they need to check javalib.rst and add differences/variances
and that the Java API remains the baseline and need not be documented.

.. _Scala.js: https://github.com/scala-js/scala-js/tree/master/javalib/src/main/scala/java
.. _Apache Harmony project: https://github.com/apache/harmony

> .. _Scala CLA: https

Reviewer 2: This does not seem right ;)

Author: Good catch! Thank you.
